Angry All the Time
(Bruce Robison)

Here we are
What is left of a husband and a wife
Four good kids
Who have a way, of getting on with their lives
I'm not old
But I'm gettin' a whole lot older everyday
It's too late to keep
From goin' crazy I've got to get away

C H O R U S:
The reasons that I can't stay
Don't have a thing to do with being in love
And I understand that lovin' a man
Shouldn't have to be this rough
You ain't the only one
Who feels like this world left you far behind
I don't know why you gotta be
Angry all the time

Our boys are strong
A spittin' image of you when you were young
I hope someday
They can see past, what you have become  
And I remember
Every time I said I'd never leave
What I can't live with
Is memories of the way you used to be

C H O R U S

Twenty years
Have came and went since I walked out of your door
I never quite
Made it back to the one I was before
And God it hurts me
To think of you 'for the light in your eyes was gone
Sometimes I don't know why
This old world can't leave well enough alone

C H O R U S

I don't know why you gotta be
Angry all the time

-----

Bruce Robison (Performed by Tim McGraw)
submitted by Bob Sokol

(tune down 1/2 step)

G - C - Am - G
Here we are what is left of a husband and a wife. 
Four good kids who have a way of getting on with their life.
I'm not old but I'm getting a whole lot older every day
It's too late to keep from going crazy. I've got to get away.

C - Am7 - G
The reason's that I can't stay don't have a thing to do with being in love
D - Am - G
and I understand that loving a man shouldn't have to be this rough.
C - Am7 - G
You ain't the only one who feels like this world left you far behind.
C - Am - G
I don't know why you gotta be angry all the time.

Our boys are strong now. The spitting image of you when you were young.
I hope some day they can see past what you have become.
And I remember every time I said I'd never leave
but what I can't live with is memories of the way you used to be.

The reason's that I can't stay don't have a thing to do with being in love
and I understand that loving a man shouldn't have to be this rough.
You ain't the only one who feels like this world left you far behind.
I don't know why you gotta be angry all the time.

Twenty years came and went since I walked out of your door
I never quite made it back to the one I was before
and God it hurts me to think of you 'fore the light in your eyes was gone.
sometimes I don't know why this old world can't leave well enough alone

The reason's that I can't stay don't have a thing to do with being in love
and I understand that loving a man shouldn't have to be this rough.
You ain't the only one who feels like this world left you far behind.
I don't know why you gotta be angry all the time.
I don't know why you gotta be angry all the time.
I don't know why you gotta be angry all the time.

CONFUSION FACTOR: I saw Bruce play this live at the Broken Spoke 6/15/02
and he played it in G as written above. On the recordings with wife Kelly Willis
he plays it a half step lower, starting in F#. Tim McGraw 's popular recording
of the tune is played one step up in A.


